The Three Little Pigs
Once upon a time, three little pigs left their mother and their home in
order to seek their own fortunes and to build their own houses.
Word Wizard, Online Resources, Senior Infants © 2017 Gill Education
The three little pigs gathered materials for their houses. The first little
pig chose to build his house from straw, the second little pig chose to
build his house from sticks and the third little pig chose to build his
house from bricks.
Word Wizard, Online Resources, Senior Infants © 2017 Gill Education
Suddenly, the big bad wolf came upon the first little pig’s house.
He knocked on the door. ‘Little pig, little pig, let me come in! Or I’ll
huff and I’ll puff and I’ll blow your house down!’ called the wolf. The
little pig felt safe in his house so he shouted back, ‘Not by the hair on
my chinny chin chin!’.
So the wolf huffed and he puffed and he blew the house down. The
little pig escaped and ran to his brother’s house of sticks.
Word Wizard, Online Resources, Senior Infants © 2017 Gill Education
The wolf followed – excited that he might get to eat two little pigs.
‘Little pigs, little pigs let me come in!’, he called, ‘or I’ll huff and I’ll puff
and I’ll blow your house down!’
‘Not by the hair on our chinny chin chins!’, the two little pigs called back.
The wolf huffed and he puffed and he blew the house down. The two
little pigs raced to their brother’s house of bricks.
Word Wizard, Online Resources, Senior Infants © 2017 Gill Education
The wolf followed them and once he reached the house he began to shout,
‘Little pigs, little pigs let me come in! ‘Or I’ll huff and I’ll puff and I’ll blow
your house down!’.
‘Not by the hair on our chinny chin chins!’ the three little pigs shouted back.
The wolf huffed and he puffed and he huffed and he puffed but he could
not blow the house down! The wolf was really hungry and angry that he
hadn’t gobbled up any little pigs yet.
He decided to climb down the chimney instead of blowing down the house!
Word Wizard, Online Resources, Senior Infants © 2017 Gill Education
The three little pigs saw that the wolf was climbing up on to the roof,
they figured out that he would come down the chimney, so they lit a
roaring fire and put a pot of water on top of it.
SPLASH! The wolf came down the chimney but he fell straight into
the pot of boiling water! ‘YEOW!’ he roared as he leaped up and ran
straight out of the house and far, far away!
The three little pigs never had any trouble from him again and they
all lived happily ever after.

